# Scripts

`cameraScript.py` is an example script from Nvidia Omniverse documentation that helped to create `testingScript.py`. It is designed to run standalone/headless.

`testingScript.py` is run inside of the Script Editor (not standalone/headless) inside of Omniverse Code ([More details here](https://docs.omniverse.nvidia.com/app_code/prod_extensions/ext_script-editor.html)). I have not gotten the shortcut to personal snippets to work in Code, only Isaac. This is a bug but it's not a huge deal, you just have to manually copy and paste the script into the Script Editor.

`testingScript.py` uses an [Omni Replicator object](https://docs.omniverse.nvidia.com/prod_extensions/prod_extensions/ext_replicator.html) to create the cameras in the open stage (or open stage from file) and then uses a [Basic Writer](https://docs.omniverse.nvidia.com/prod_extensions/prod_extensions/ext_replicator/programmatic_visualization.html) to write the RGB and depth data to a folder. There you can set an arbitrary number of cameras and their intrinsics.

To use `testingScript.py`, I currently load my stage in Omniverse Code, paste the code into the script editor, run the simulation/animation (pressing the play button in Omniverse), and the run the code in the script editor *after* starting the simulation/animation. It may be inconsistent in how many frames it gathers before stopping. You must close Omniverse Code for the writer to stop writing new frames. I am trying to figure out a way to step the Ominverse simulation each frame, as opposed to the current method. A custom writer (as opposed to the basic writer) could also be used to write the files in a different file type/format/naming convention.